Random questions and answers go here.  Please include your name both when you
ask and answer a question.  Example:  "Q (Steve): What is 1+1+1+1+1+1+1+1+1?  A
(Lorna):  If I counted correctly, the answer is 9.".  It is okay to ask and
answer a question yourself to share your thoughts on an issue.

Q (Steve):  What size of community are we aiming for?  10 people?  100?  1000?
  A (Steve): I am thinking about aiming for a community which is initially
    small (5-10 people), but leaving open the possibility that we might expand
    both in people and acreage as finances and interest allow.
  A (Emily): 25 - 30 people if it were a rural community, at least for a while.
    A little more intimate that way.  Land: depend on animals present in the
    community; do we have a food forest?  Not cramped, but enough space for
    freedom of movement.
  A (John): Anthropological limits, around 150 people in a particular village.
    Land to support.
  A (Dawn): 20 - 30 initially; comfortable with getting to know everyone.
    Could expand; develop offshoots.  Land to support, also provide
    opportunities for commerce.
  A (Mallory): Flexible.  Start with at least 15, counting all members of
    families.  Could grow to 50 - 60, but perhaps 20 - 30 would be more
    comfortable.  Open to offshoots and having a connected larger IC network
    with structure and mutual support.  Wants to see this be a part of a larger
    movement.  Land: more than enough land to live on, also to support animals.
    Minimum of 15-20 acres left completely wild (to just be nature).  I don't
    see that happening on much less than 100 acres.  More would be wonderful!
  
Q (Steve):  Coliving vs. Cohousing?
  A (John): whatever, as long is it's community.  I'm excited about
    experimenting with different living patterns and allowing for flexibility
    in moving between them.  Shared common spaces and common facilities.
  A (Mallory): Big kitchen, big root cellar.  I'm excited about a combination,
    with flexibility.  Either way the spaces and buildings would be
    intentionally designed to be sustainable.  Big common spaces for creativity
    and interaction.  Individual homes are not a huge focus of our time, but
    have more occasional use for focused work and retreat.  I love the idea of
    an earth ship for a community space.  I would want us to be in close
    proximity to one another.  Emily: it makes sense for a focused portion of
    the space to be used for living space, so common spaces are easy to access.
  A (Emily): I'd be most excited to personally either colive or small housing
    units with larger common spaces.  I'm concerned about efficiency in terms
    of resource use with suburban style houses for single families, but
    coliving or small house cohousing could help with those efficiency
    concerns.  I strongly want to live in a community where people eat and
    prepare food together.
  A (Dawn): Flexibility: those who want to can colive, those who want them can
    build or use small residences.  I don't see huge homes, but large shared
    community spaces for cooking, eating, concerts.

Q (Steve):  Urban vs. Rural? 
  A (John): I want us to have enough land such that the gifts of the land and
    the gifts of the people can support one another, which tends to imply
    something "rural", although urban spaces could be rehabilitated toward this
    end.  Also, I imagine communities that have outreach centers in urban
    spaces, and so are somewhat multipolar, with some members working some of
    the time out with the land, and some of the time in the city connecting
    with people there to provide a channel for growth and change.
  A (Emily, Dawn): Pretty much in agreement with John.
  A (Emily): Ultimately, I want to transform our urban spaces to more closely
    resemble wild nature.
  A (Mallory): For starting small, it might make sense to start with either an
    urban or a rural community, with the intention of adding the other later.
    It's hard to say what's the best way to walk gently on the Earth.  I'm
    excited about those who do the work of creating more awareness and
    connection within cities, and I don't want that effort to be lost.

Q (Steve):  Are we looking to have any community businesses?  How will the
community function financially?  
  A (Steve):  I personally would like to have some community businesses which
    can stack multiple functions, and provide real services to the larger
    community.  For instance, a nut oil pressing business would be useful in
    almost any conceivable future.  Whether we are operating in our current
    capitalist economic reality, or an ideal gift-economy future, having the
    ability to transform nuts which are useless to humans (tannin rich
    bitternuts and acorns) into cooking oil is awesome.  Millions of calories
    are just rotting away in the woods.  The press meal is also useful as
    fertilizer, or as feedstock for biochar production.  Biochar is another
    awesome business idea:  sequestering carbon permanently in soil, while
    improving the soil, and generating heat and power.  In general, it would be
    useful to brainstorm other ideas like this which would benefit the larger
    community (not just ourselves), have positive environmental externalities,
    and serve multiple functions.
  A (John): I want our goal to be to move to a gift economy, asking for support
    from those who are excited to provide it, but when and where that is not
    available, I am most excited to pursue community businesses, things like
    Steve's ideas and other cottage industries.  I am willing to do other kinds
    of work in the world, but not at all excited about it.
  A (Dawn): I envision that the community would become self sustaining, growing
    enough of our food that we have some left over to sell it at market.  I
    would like there to be a community center that could be used for massage
    therapy and yoga classes that could bring in money or trade.  We could also
    explore the idea of a time bank.
  A (Mallory): I envision a community with a healing and wellness center, as
    healing is very important to the new world that we want to see.  Open to
    having people sign up to join us for visits and sharing at certain points
    in the year.  I would like to have a recording space that others can use,
    and also an event space for concerts, performances, and gatherings.

Q (Steve): To what extent do we envision this community interacting with the
wider economy?

Q (Steve): To what extent do we value resilient systems for meeting our needs?
Needs include:  food, water, shelter, clothing, sanitation, healthcare, and
transportation.  More abstractly we have needs to love and be loved, to create
beauty, to care for others and outselves, to grow and change.

Q (Steve):  Decision making structure?

Q (Lorna):  What is the desired timeframe for living in community?  Do we want
to do this within a year?  If so, we need a viable plan to get this done.

Q (Lorna):  Start discussion about community structure pertaining to:
ownership, funding projects, funding maintanence, daily chores, accepting new
members.

Q (Lorna):  Start discussion about community vision.

Q (Lorna):  Do members of the group have family / dogs / cats which they want
to welcome into the community?

Q (Lorna):  Are common spiritual practices desired? 

Q (Lorna):  Opinion on tobacco / alcohol / drug use?

Q (Steve):  Minor questions:  Nudity?  Noise-level?  Parties?



